This plugin adds Micro-Mission functionality to the GCConnex webpage. 
Current functionality includes posting a job opportunity, displaying the job opportunity, searching for a job opportunity or candidate with a simple and advanced search, editing a Micro-Mission, 
inviting a candidate to a Micro-Mission, completing or cancelling a Micro-Mission, providing feedback for a completed Micro-Mission, and some analytics.

This plugin currently must be placed after missions_organization and requries that plugin to be active.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OVERVIEW:
1)
This plugin adds a menu item to the left hand side menu on GCConnex.
This menu item leads the user to the Micro-Missions front page where they can see a river of the most recently created Micro-Missions or nothing if no Micro-Missions have been posted yet.
On this page, there is a right hand side menu which the user can follow to the plugin's other pages.

Post opportunity will lead the user to a form. When they are done filling out that form and submit it they will have a second form to complete.
Once that form is complete and submitted they will have one final form to complete. 
Upon submission their Micro-Mission will be created and they will be forwarded to a display of the Micro-Mission information.
The design of these pages was guided by the given wireframes.

Search will give the user a single text input search field.
Upon submission, the Micro-Missions title, type and description will be searched for the given input.

Advanced search will allow users to customize the search behavior by selecting a certain number of search parameters.
Upon selection, input fields will be generated accordingly.
Upon submission, the search will check the given parameters and use logic appropriate to each.

Browse latest will display the latest Micro-Missions.
Searches will display Micro-Missions in an abbreviated format.
Missions display design was guided by the given wireframes.

Posting an opportunity, clicking on the title link in the river or clicking the read more button from the search display will take the user to a display of the Micro-Mission information.
From here, the user who created the Micro-Mission may delete it.

In the administration panel and under settings, there is a Micro-Missions page.

2)
Both search and advanced search can search for candidates according to some of their profile information (education, experience, skills and portfolio).
Search and advanced search now have two buttons which allow users to switch between Micro-Mission and candidate searching.
Functionality is otherwise the same.

Candidates can be invited to a Micro-Mission from the Micro-Mission display page (fill button) or the candidate search result page (invite button).
Inviting a user sends them a notification with a link to an invitation page from which they can accept or deny the invitation.
Either choice will also message back the Micro-Mission owner.

Candidates can also apply to a Micro-Mission through the Micro-Mission display.
This will allow them to write a block of text to which their profile information (education, experience and skills) will be appended.
This information is then send to the Micro-Mission owner through a notification.

My Missions will display Micro-Missions which are related to the logged in user whether the user generated the Micro-Missions or has accepted a posting to one of those Micro-Missions.

3)
Plugins now work with GCconnex 1.12.
Some aesthetic changes were made to improve visual design.

Mission managers can now edit their Micro-Missions by clicking the edit button in the Micro-Mission view.
This allows them to change all the same field values from the post opportunity forms.

Candidates can be removed from a Micro-Mission from the Micro-Mission view by pressing the remove button next to the candidates name.

Some functionality is inactive if a user has not opted in to Micro-Missions from their profile.
Users may opt in or opt out directly from the Micro-Missions main page.
Users who have not opted in can not be invited to Micro-Missions.
Users who have opted in will be displayed first in a candidate search.
Users who have not opted in can not post a Micro-Mission.
Users who apply to a Micro-Missions are opted in if they were not previously.

4)
Layout changes were made to comply with wireframes provided by TBS.

Mission manager can now complete or cancel their Micro-Missions by clicking the appropriate button in the Micro-Mission view.
Missions can not be completed unless there is at least one user who has accepted an invitation to the Micro-Mission.

When a Micro-Mission is completed, managers can provide feedback to the Micro-Mission participants and the participants can provide feedback to the manager.
This feedback consists of a text input which will send a message to the target and a checkbox for endorsing the target.
The feedback message can only be sent once to the target.

Key skill inputs now have autocomplete features that match those found in b_extended_profile.
Some larger page elements (time table and language inputs and advanced search) are now contained within hidden fields which are displayed by a click on the field title.

Users who are not opted in will be directed to a splash page where they can search for Micro-Missions, view a sample of Micro-Missions and opt in to Micro-Missions.
Once opted in, users will be taken to a main page with two tabs and both these tabs have a create opportunity button.
The first tab (the default tab) will have simple and advanced searches for Micro-Missions as well as a selection of the latest posted Micro-Missions.
The second tab will have a list of Micro-Missions related to the user as well as a section which displays unfinished feedback (this section does not appear if there is no unfinished feedback.
Posting, viewing and editing an opportunity are all the same as in previous versions.
Clicking on the invite button for a Micro-Mission will take the user to a candidate search page with simple and advanced searches.
Completing a Micro-Mission or clicking on an unfinished feedback link will take the user to a page with all the unfinished feedback forms for that Micro-Mission.

5)
Micro-Mission edit and post opportunity first form now use the new organization path input found in missions_organization.

6)
From the main page, users may now click on the Analytics tab which takes them to the graph interval input page.

The graph interval input page allows the user to decide on the graph type they want whcih currently consist of bar or pie graphs.
Bar graphs also allow the user to input a time period, a start month and year, and an end month and year.
Pie graphs don't have time inputs. Pie graphs are always for all existing Micro-Missions.

Once the user has input their graph type they are taken to page with an empty graph and an organization path input.
Selecting and submitting an organization department will search for all Micro-Missions connected to that department and that department's children (within the given time range).
The user will be returned to the page with the department data in the graph. Up to 5 departments can be added to the bar graph and only 1 department can be added to the pie graph.
The user may also remove any of the added departments via a set of buttons below the graph.
The user can also download an image of the graph with another button below the graph.

From the main page, users may now click on the Users by opt-in tab in order to search for users according to which opt-in options they have checked in their profile page.

7)
The main page now has an additional tab which allows users to search for other users.
Searches are done across education, experience, skill, portfolio and opt-in information found in the GCconnex profile.
From the results, the user can invite another user (opted in to Micro-Missions) to one of their Micro-Missions which is selected on the subsequent page.

The main page also has an archive tab which will display all completed or cancelled Micro-Missions stored in the database.

When a user who owns an active micro-mission clicks on it's share button (colored green), they will search for and invite a candidate to that Micro-Mission.
When a user who does not own a Micro-Mission or who owns an inactive Micro-Mission clicks on it's share button (colored grey), they will message a user of their choice or post a message to the wire.

When a user creates a Micro-Mission, a search for users will be carried out and displayed according to the required skills.

Micro-Missions now have additional information attached to them as metadata.
This information consists of program area and whether or not the Micro-Mission is only available to the specified department.

Some additional changes were made in order to match client specifications.

NOTE:
The metadata job_type, program_area, location, security, and time_commitment are not stored by translation key.
This means that the above metadata needs to be run through elgg_echo() to display the information correctly.

8)
The invitation workflow was given an overhaul.
When a user applies to a Micro-Mission the manager receives that application and then must make a final confirmation to add them to the mission.
When a manager invites a user to a Micro-Mission the user receives that invitation, must accept or decline it, and then the manager must make the final confirmation.
When a user declines an invitation they now provide an answer.

Advanced searches for candidates can now search by department.
Skill text inputs in advanced search now auto-complete.
The number of mission cards per page can now be changed with a dropdown found below the list of entities.

Micro-Missions which have been completed or cancelled may now be duplicated.
This takes the manager to the first form of the post opportunity page and fills out that form (and the subsequent forms) with the duplicated mission's information.
Start date, completion date, and deadline are not duplicated however.

In the admin interface, a menu option for 'Micro-Mission Tool' now appears under the administer menu.
This tool allows administrators to complete, cancel, reopen, or delete Micro-Missions provided they have the mission GUID.
The Micro-Mission GUID can be found in the Micro-Mission view URL. It is the number at the end of the URL.

The navigation tabs for Find Opportunity, Find Members, My Opportunities, Archive, and Analytics now appear on every page.

The system now returns more messages when the users take actions that don't display immediate results.
Things like searches don't output a system message but inviting a user does return a confirmation message.

There were other changes made to match feedback given.

10)
The invitation worflow now has an additional step after the manager sends an offer to an applicant which requires the applicant to accept or decline the offer.
Another change to this workflow is that any participant or applicant declining or withdrawing from the Micro-Mission will be required to enter their reason for this declination or withdrawal.
User reasons for declining an invitation/offer or withdrawing from a Micro-Mission are now stored as a mission-declination object owned by the user.
Cancelling a Micro-Mission now requires that Micro-Mission to have 0 applicants and 0 offers active.

Manager's will now see a red circle with a number in it in the top right corner of their Micro-Mission's card. This number represents the total of users that have applied plus the number of offers sent to users.
Completed and cancelled Micro-Missions now only show up in the Archive and My Opportunities.
The nomenclature changed so that search is now associated with Micro-Missions and find is associated with users.
The search limits have been removed from the simple and advanced search forms. The search limit is now solely described by the setting search_limit.

Ideal completion is no longer a mandatory field and date fields now have a calendar icon next to them in post and edit forms.
Addtionally, the number of opportunities in the second post opportunity form are now described by the setting mission_max_applicants.

The share an opportunity message form has been remodeled and now accepts multiple usernames in a comma separated string.

Create opportunity and duplicate buttons now unset any leftover information from the 3 post opportunity forms.

Micro-Missions now store time take to create missions, fill missions, and complete missions as metadata.

IMPORTANT: There is now a setting in the Micro-Missions settings which hide the Analytics tab.

There is now a test suite which works with the ufcoe_testable plugin.
This test suite checks mission objects and returns errors if their data does not comply with the standards of the latest Micro-Missions plugin.

11)
The new language files for missions and missions_extend_profile have been loaded.
Everything above the comment SEPARATION POINT is the loaded text while everything below it is the newer text strings which may need to be checked.

Start date, completion date, and deadline entry fields are being more stringently tested to ensure that their format is yyyy-mm-dd.

There is no more dedicated invitation acceptance or offer acceptance page. Applicants will now be directed to the opportunity view in order to accept an invitation/offer.
In this case, the accept and decline buttons also appear in the top right corner right underneath the opportunity title.

Some additional bugs were found and fixed and two minor feedback points were implemented (full opportunity title on application page and null as the first selection under location).

Some code for analytics is present but it is still in its development stage.

12)
Users may now opt-in to any opt-in option to gain access to the plugin (no longer just Micro-Missions).

When searching for a user to invite to an opportunity, managers without an active opportunity will no longer have an empty dropdown appear next to the user display in the search results.

All users now see the number of applicants in the opportunity view.
If there are 0 applicants then it still displays 'Nobody'.

The sort box is now displayed like advanced search.
If a user clicks on sort options above and to the right of the opportunity cards, then the full sort box will be displayed.

Additional minor bug fixes were made in order to match feedback given on Saturday June 18th.

13)
Some of the code has been cleaned and some internal functions have been renamed to improve code readability.

The first version of Analytics has been created which allows users to create stacked bar graphs and histograms.

Stacked bar graphs get a set of opportunities found between a start date and an end date.
Different opportunity dates can be targeted with target date: date the opportunity was posted, the day the opportunity is set to start, or the date the opportunity was completed or cancelled.
The interval of the graph's horizontal axis can be set to year, fiscal year, quarter, month, week, or day by the time interval input.
The opportunity set can be further divided into different bars with the separate opportunities input. Opportunities can be separated by state, reliability, whether it is a virtual opportunity, or whether it is limited by department.

NOTE: The interval may change the graph's start date.
For example selecting a July 14th, 2016 start date and an August 20th, 2016 end date with the year interval will set the start date to January 1st, 2016 while the end date remains unchanged.
In the above example, you would get a graph with a single interval the notation 2016.

Histograms can be given a number of intervals while the max and min values are determined from the all the opportunities in GCconnex and the size of the intervals is determined automatically.
The target value input determines what metadata will be looked at when dividing the opportunities and generating the horizontal axis.
The targeted metadata can be time taken to post, fill, complete, or cancel an opportunity as well as the time commitment per day, per week, per month, or total to the opportunity.

The opportunity set can be further narrowed down by selecting a department which will only keep opportunities with that department or that department's children in the set.

Once all the inputs are set, clicking generate will produce a graph in the space below.
The graph bars can be moused over for additional information and the show data table text directly below the graph will display the associated table.
Changing any of the dropdown inputs will wipe away the graph and table.

14)
Three new separation categories were added to analytics under the stacked graph type: opportunity type, average number of applicants, and reason to decline.

Opportunity type creates stacked bars according to the opportunities type metadata.
Reason to decline looks at the mission-declination objects which are generated when a user declines or withdraws from an opportunity and creates stacked bars for each of the different reasons.
Both of the above behave like most of other separation types by counting the objects within the displayed time periods.
However reason to decline does not allow the users to select a target date or department since it is not dealing with mission objects.

Average number of applicants is a bit different.
This separator takes the number of applicants and candidates within a given time period and then divides them by the number of opportunities that are still open within that time period.
Open opportunities are ones that have been posted and not yet completed or cancelled.
This gives the analytics user a ratio of total applicants and candidates to total active opportunities in order to form an average.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SOLUTIONS:

If the dropdown fields are not populated in any of the forms, go to the Micro-Missions setting page in the administration panel and save the settings.

Micro-Missions CSS is still a work in progress so a smaller screen (like a laptops) might have some display issues.

If notifications are not appearing to a user then they will have to go to the /notifications/personal/{username} page and check the site checkbox under personal notifications.

If some of the mission metadata appears as 'missions:xxxxx' then try using an elgg_echo() to process that string.